I went one-on-one with lebron a few
years ago and we had a jump ball and
LeBron went up he got he got the tip
went the length of the core court dunked
it and just then turned around and just
then I was jumping like that's not I got
lucky
bill says if I'd been born a few
thousand years ago I'd have been some
animals lunch because I thought on
saying well I i allocate capital you
know and the animals say they're the
kind of tastes the best you know and I
can't run fast and I can't climb trees
you don't need a lot of brains in this
business I mean I've always said if you
got an IQ of 160 give away 30 points to
somebody else because you don't need it
in investments what you do need is
emotional stability I've got a partner
Charlie Munger says he admires humility
enormous Lee but it wasn't quite given
to this fair share you know we we call
on people that have a billion or more at
least Steve tells us they do and all we
ask is 50% so if you know if you can't
if you have trouble living on 500
million I'm going to put out a book how
to live on 500 million dollars I will
say this about investing everything you
do run is cumulative what I learned at
20 is useful to me now whatever under 25
is useful to me now and so if you got
the principles if you know what makes a
good business if you know what makes a
good manager you know if he knows what
makes a good product and you learn that
in one business you can't there isn't
transference knowing what to leave out
is just as important as knowing where to
focus on you know if a rod is here and
he's eight he's you know he bets 350 I
mean you can say well he didn't hit 650
but 350 is terrific it's the same way in
philanthropy you don't have you don't
want to thought you want to do it
intelligently you want to focus if you
have the funds you want to focus on big
things but you don't want to focus on
sure things you know because you won't
be accomplishing anything therefore you
should not get discouraged about the
fact that one out of five two out of
five or maybe four out of five don't
work out the way you want if one out of
five does you know and you change
millions of lives you should feel very
good about what you've done I don't
think I can win every game you know
somebody said how do you beat Bobby
Fischer you play many game except chess
and so I don't play Bobby Fischer chest
today tomorrow there are people making
gifts maybe five dollars maybe ten
dollars maybe to the food bank we heard
about before where it really means that
they give up a movie or dinner out maybe
it's a larger sum maybe a trip to
Disneyland or something other people are
giving up money millions of people that
has real utility to them and literally
I've never given away a tower that has
utility to me this has been described as
a once-in-a-lifetime experience and
you'll understand why once will be
enough and again once you get a taste of
these girls yelling groupies pay
particular attention to the first line
because it's what it's all about you got
to pay
and let your arm pray
and the story of
you